[Music]
everybody's Charles for a premier guitar
and I'm at Winter NAMM 2013 I'm here
with David and Chris and we're talking
about me on his guitars today and you
guys got some new stuff tell us what you
got
this year we present several new Custom
Shop finishes like new top woods like
back apparel on the radius model Eponine
Makassar top walnut top we used Simeon
compete caps and also bare knuckles in
his special finishes like a camera or
battle-worn
this model you can see the piezo made by
our mcs company from us we used our own
he has a preamp this bottle the from the
construction point we used the base wood
under the backside the instrument and
11th like Olympus's maple mahogany Wanga
and amazake neck neck Joe in here it
looked like it was pretty
labor-intensive everything is made by
hand at big attention to details and all
productions made in Poland since 1982
the company is a family business all the
time so my father with my mom they
establish the company and now I'm
charging with my mom and my brother as
well everything so
what's this one here
this H drink reaches eight string with
quilted maple top with a fade black
finish low midnight dots and burn aqua
pickups a string guitars coming very
popular at the moment so we are very
focused on this kind of instruments at
the moment also next through which is
typical for this kind of instruments
especially for the rigid series I mean
this this joint back here must be really
appealing to the players they're working
eight strings because you need all the
reaching get I think is really
beautifully sculpted yeah this is very
we working it's a couple years just to
make no perfect shaping in this price we
talked a lot without musicians to make
more ergonomic and the same time not
losing the stability in this place
reduce 7x otic is with eponym a castrato
bernetta pickups and our custom-made
knobs yes did we made these knobs before
the show and I think we started making
also some customizing knobs for our only
for our instruments to gives more
personality what's in here is like a
part of the clocks so we're just getting
clocks from Russia or from the old
clocks from my check
sorry cool man it looks awesome put out
all the elements and pudding here so
that's something unusually and want to
want to be be that's why we want to be a
little bit more exclusive in this way I
think we got another one here behind us
huh yeah this is the completely new
model as premier and the NAMM show is a
seat use GT m8 shrink equipped with two
pneumatic bridge in this model for now
it's aftermath Bernanke's but in stander
will be simmer down can a string which
are going to be launched in march in
early march by seymour duncan 6006
cruise point neck join and the mahogany
body cam Barrett and 5-piece maple
mahogany maple neck we using a stand on
these models shalour tuners which are
really good for this kind of instrument
flame maple top is also the standard in
this model we're talking to me Shahir is
going to demonstrate this beast
you're gonna demonstrate this thing
whether you like it or not what you
gotta say about this thing anyway I have
to say about this thing is it's
incredibly punchy and resonant the
things I look for in a guitar I mean
like one thing they've been starting to
do is like make their guitars a little
bit lighter I really think that like a
stiff neck and a lightweight body yield
the sound that I like you get the
mid-range crunch out of it it's really
Spanky exactly big hard to so I like I
like a guitar that sort of responsive to
that
and you know
you got the single no definition
and like this has a bare-knuckle
Blackhawks head in it which is a very
musical sounding high game pick up
iPhone I don't know if this is the
alnico or ceramic set but if I had to
put my money I'd say it's Allan it goes
like it's very rich and the top end
does not get harsh so you can really
like play leads on the on the bridge
pickup without it getting harsh and ice
picky the neck on this is just fat
I can't play right now I'm really sorry
it's Sunday at NAMM and you hear my
voice been talking I've been not
sleeping and walking around so I
apologize for the subpar playing I
understand it all right man it sounds
terrible I'm really really sorry
the guitar is actually awesome I'm just
a bad player but hey Adam I just I just
play riffs you know man it's all about
the riffs
yes thanks raesha
guitar I love this yeah please visit our
website www.misnylaw.com shop options
and contact details thanks for checking
our instruments
this is Charles signing up for air
guitar comm don't forget to subscribe to
our youtube channel just punch your name
stuff there you'll love it
trust me